chore: Document `mender-artifact` dependency on OpenSSL 1.1 (#1968)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 10.Downloads/docs.md

| Linux    | [mender-artifact master][x.x.x_mender-artifact-linux]  | [mender-artifact master][master_mender-artifact-linux] (Pre-release)  |
| Mac OS X | [mender-artifact master][x.x.x_mender-artifact-darwin] | [mender-artifact master][master_mender-artifact-darwin] (Pre-release) |

!!! The `mender-artifact` pre-built binaries depend on OpenSSL 1.1 shared library. If you are

> !!! running a system that already migrated to OpenSSL 3, like Alpine Linux 3.17 or Ubuntu 22.04, the
> !!! binary cannot be run directly. Follow one of these workarounds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! running a system that has already migrated to OpenSSL 3, like Alpine Linux 3.17 or Ubuntu 22.04, you
!!! cannot run the binary directly. Follow one of these workarounds:
```

> !!! * For Alpine Linux, install `openssl1.1-compat` package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! * For Alpine Linux, install the `openssl1.1-compat` package
```

!!! * For Ubuntu 22.04 or newer, the recommended process is to install `mender-artifact` through the
!!! [Mender APT repositories](#install-using-the-apt-repository).

> !!! * For others where the distribution does not provide a compatibility package, build
> !!! `mender-artifact` from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! * For the other cases where the distribution does not provide a compatibility package, build
!!! `mender-artifact` from the source.
```

> !!! `mender-artifact` from source.

Reviewer 2: FWIW
For me this ended up more complicated, using the docker container approach that @mzedel shared was much quicker.

```
docker build -t mender-artifact . and then
docker run -v $PWD:/go/bin/data mender-artifact <anyExtraArgs>… (edited) 
```

The only downside is I still haven't figured yet how to add the docker based approach to path so it can be used with artifact generators for update modules...
